{"en":"Mary and her husband Dimitri lived in the tiny village of Perachora in southern Greece. ^ ","ch":"玛丽与丈夫迪米特里住在希腊南部一个叫波拉考拉的小村庄里。  "}
{"en":"One of Mary's prize possessions was a little white lamb which her husband had given her. ^ ","ch":"玛丽最珍贵的财产之一就是丈夫送给她的一只白色小羔羊。  "}
{"en":"She kept it tied to a tree in a field during the day and went to fetch it every evening. ^ ","ch":"白天， 玛丽把羔羊拴在地里的一颗树上， 每天晚上把它牵回家。  "}
{"en":"One evening,  however,  the lamb was missing. ^ ","ch":"可是， 一天晚上， 那只小羔羊失踪了。  "}
{"en":"The rope had been cut,  so it was obvious that the lamb had been stolen. ^ ","ch":"绳子被人割断， 很明显小羔羊是被人偷走了。  "}
{"en":"When Dimitri came in from the fields,  his wife told him what had happened. ^ ","ch":"迪米特里从地里回来， 妻子把情况跟他一说，  "}
{"en":"He knew it would not prove difficult in such a small village. ^ ","ch":"他知道在这样一个小村庄里抓住小偷并不困难。  "}
{"en":"After telling several of his friends about the theft,  Dimitri found out that his neighbour,  Aleko,  had suddenly acquired a new lamb. ^ ","ch":"把失窃的事告诉几个朋友后， 迪米特里发现他的邻居阿列科家突然多了一只小羔羊。  "}
{"en":"Dimitri immediately went to Aleko's house and angrily accused him of stealing the lamb. ^ ","ch":"迪米特里立刻去了阿列科家， 气呼呼地指责他偷了羔羊，  "}
{"en":"He told him he had better return it or he would call the police. ^ ","ch":"告诉他最好把羊交还， 否则就去叫警察。  "}
{"en":"Aleko denied taking it and led Dimitri into his backyard. ^ ","ch":"阿列科并不承认， 并把迪米特里领进院子。  "}
{"en":"It was true that he had just bought a lamb,  he explained,  but his lamb was black. ^ ","ch":"不错， 他的确刚买了一只羔羊， 阿列科解释说， 但他的羔羊是黑色的。  "}
{"en":"Ashamed of having acted so rashly,  Dimitri apologized to Aleko for having accused him. ^ ","ch":"迪米特里为自己的鲁莽而感到不好意思， 向阿列科道了歉， 说是错怪了他。  "}
{"en":"While they were talking it began to rain and Dimitri stayed in Aleko's house until the rain stopped. ^ ","ch":"就在他俩说话的时候， 天下起了雨， 迪米特里便呆在阿列科家里避雨， 一直等到雨停为止。  "}
{"en":"When he went outside half an hour later,  he was astonished to find that the little black lamb was almost white. ^ ","ch":"半小时后， 当他从屋里出来时， 他惊奇地发现小黑羔羊全身几乎都变成白色。  "}
{"en":"Its wool,  which had been dyed black,  had been washed clean by the rain! ^ ","ch":"原来羊毛上染的黑色被雨水冲掉了！  "}